[Docs] Add v1.3.0 change log (#3194)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/change-log/index.md

- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Deprecations](#deprecations)

## v1.3.0

### Client/server matrix

> - The base images mlrun/mlrun:1.3.0 etc. are based on python 3.9. <br>

Reviewer: I guess this is under the `Client/server matrix` section due to the fact that the MLRun server is now 3.9-based (which is not written here, this just mentions the mlrun images), and we recommend moving the client to 3.9 as well. This is what these steps are for, and I think it makes sense to explain it.

      For Iguazio <=3.5.2:
	1. Configure the Jupyter service with the env variable`JUPYTER_PREFER_ENV_PATH=false`.
    2. Within the Jupyter service, open a terminal and run:
     
	```
	 conda create -n python39 python=3.9 ipykernel -y
      conda activate python39
      ./align_mlrun.sh
	```
	  

> - v1.3.0 maintains support for mlrun base images that are based on python 3.7. To differentiate between the images, the images based on python 3.7 have the suffix: `-py37`.

Reviewer: Should add a comment that the correct version will be automatically chosen for the built-in MLRun images according to the Python version of the mlrun client (so, a 3.7 Jupyter will get the `-py37` images).

### New and updated features

#### APIs

- [Deprecated APIs](#api-130)
- These APIs now only return reasons in kwargs: `log_and_raise`, `generic_error_handler`, `http_status_error_handler`.
 
 
#### Infrastructure

- MLRun supports Python 3.9.

> - New log collection service that providing high performance, and reduction in heavy IO operations from the api container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New log collection service providing improved performance and reducing heavy IO operations from the api container. 
```

The new MLRun log collector service is a grpc server, which runs as sidecar in the mlrun-api pod (chief and 
worker). The service is responsible for collecting logs from run pods, writing to persisted files, and reading them on request.
The new service is transparent to the end-user; there are no UI or API changes. 

#### Feature store

> - The Spark engine now supports the steps: MapValues, Imputer, OneHotEncoder, DropFeatures; and supports extracting the time parts from the date in the DateExtractor step. See [Data transformations](../serving/available-steps.html#data-transformations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Spark engine now supports the steps: `MapValues`, `Imputer`, `OneHotEncoder`, `DropFeatures`; and supports extracting the time parts from the date in the `DateExtractor` step. See [Data transformations](../serving/available-steps.html#data-transformations).
```

- Supports creating a feature vector over several feature sets with different entity. See [Creating an offline feature vector](../feature-store/feature-vectors.html#creating-an-offline-feature-vector).
- Supports SQLSource for batch ingestion. See [SQL data source](../data-prep/ingest-data-fs.html#sql-data-source).
- Supports SQLTarget for storey engine. (Spark is not yet supported.) See [SQL target store](../data-prep/ingest-data-fs.html#sql-target-store).
- Supports Spark using Redis as an online KV target, which cause a breaking change. See [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes).
- The username and password for the RedisNoSqlTarget are now configured using secrets, as `<prefix_>REDIS_USER <prefix_>REDIS_PASSWORD` where \<prefix> is the optional RedisNoSqlTarget `credentials_prefix` parameter. See [Redis target store](../data-prep/ingest-data-fs.html#redis-target-store).
- Offline data can be registered as feature sets. See [Create a feature set without ingesting its data](../feature-store/feature-sets.html#create-a-feature-set-without-ingesting-its-data).
- `get_offline_features` supports Spark Operator and Remote Spark.

#### Projects

> - When defining a new project from scratch, there is now a default` context` directory: `./`, which is the directory that the MLRun 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When defining a new project from scratch, there is now a default `context` directory: `./`, which is the directory that the MLRun 
```

    client runs from unless otherwise specified.  

#### Serving graphs

> - Add support for graphs that split and merge (DAG), including a list of steps for the "after" argument in the add_step() method. See [Graph that splits and rejoins](../serving/getting-started.html#graph-that-splits-and-rejoins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for graphs that split and merge (DAG), including a list of steps for the `after` argument in the `add_step()` method. See [Graph that splits and rejoins](../serving/getting-started.html#graph-that-splits-and-rejoins).
```

    time is taken from the processing-time metadata. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/2660), and in 
    [Storey git](https://github.com/mlrun/storey/pull/394).

#### Third party integrations
- Supports private repo as a function hub. See [](../runtimes/functions.html).

#### UI
- The new **Projects** home page provides easy and intuitive access to the full project lifecycle in three phases, with links to the 
relevant wizards under each phase heading: ingesting and processing data, developing and training a model, deploying and monitoring the project.

<p align="center"><img src="../_static/images/project-homepage.png" alt="mlrun-project-homepage" /></p><br>

<a id="api-130"></a>
### Deprecated and removed APIs
Starting with v1.3.0, and continuing in subsequent releases, obsolete functions are getting removed from the code.

**Deprecated and removed from v1.3.0 code**<br>
The following MLRun APIs have been deprecated since at least v1.0.0 and are now removed from the code:

| Deprecated/removed                   | Use instead                                   |
| ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |

> | `project.workflows`                  | `project.spec.workflows`, such as `get_or_create_project`, `load_project` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project.workflows`                  | `project.spec.workflows` |
```

| `project.functions`                  | `project.spec.functions`                      |
| `project.artifacts`                  | `project.spec.artifacts`                       |
| `project.func()`                     | `project.get_function()`                       |
| `project.create_vault_secrets()`     | `project.set_secrets()`                        |

> | `project.get_vault_secret()`         | `proj.with_secrets`                            |

Reviewer: I don't think it's correct to provide a "Use instead" option for vault secrets. This is a functionality that was always just a tech preview and is not supported at all. I suggest to note these as removed.

| `MlrunProjectLegacy` class           | `MlrunProject`                                 |
| Feature-store: usage of state in graph. For example: `add_writer_state`, and the `after_state` parameter in `_init_` methods.  | `step`                        |
| `mount_path` parameter in mount_v3io() | `volume_mounts`                        |
| `NewTask`                            | `run_function()`                        |

**Deprecated APIs, will be removed in v1.5.0**<br>
These APIs will be removed from the v1.5.0 code. A FutureWarning appears if you try to use them in v1.3.0.
| Deprecated / to be removed                       | Use instead                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| project-related parameters of `set_environment`. (Global-related parameters will not be deprecated.) | Project APIs such as `get_or_create_project`, `load_project` |

> | `AbstractSparkJobSpec.gpus`, `KubeResource.gpus` | `with_limits`                 |

Reviewer: `AbstractSparkJobSpec.gpus` should be removed from here. There is already a comment below on spark runtimes which covers this case, and it should relate to `AbstractSparkRuntime.gpus()` which is replaced by `with_driver_requests` and `with_executor_requests` as mentioned below.

| Dask `gpus`                                      | `with_scheduler_limits` / `with_worker_limits`   |
| Dask `with_limits`                               | `with_scheduler_limits` / `with_worker_limits`    |
| Dask `with_requests`                             | `with_scheduler_requests` / `with_worker_requests`    |

> | `Job gpus`                                       | `with_limits`                       |

Reviewer: `Job gpus` is exactly the same as `KubeResource.gpus`, so no need to have it twice.

- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Deprecations](#deprecations)

## v1.3.0

### Client/server matrix

- The MLRun server is now based on Python 3.9. It's recommended to move the client to Python 3.9 as well. 
- The base images mlrun/mlrun:1.3.0 etc. are based on Python 3.9. <br>
      For Iguazio <=3.5.2:
	1. Configure the Jupyter service with the env variable`JUPYTER_PREFER_ENV_PATH=false`.
    2. Within the Jupyter service, open a terminal and run:
     
	```
	 conda create -n python39 python=3.9 ipykernel -y
      conda activate python39
      ./align_mlrun.sh
	```

> 	  

Author: updated with content from @alonmr

- v1.3.0 maintains support for mlrun base images that are based on python 3.7. To differentiate between the images, the images based on 
python 3.7 have the suffix: `-py37`. The correct version is automatically chosen for the built-in MLRun images according to the Python 
version of the MLRun client (for example, a 3.7 Jupyter gets the `-py37` images).

### New and updated features

#### APIs

- [Deprecated and removed APIs](#api-130)
- These APIs now only return reasons in kwargs: `log_and_raise`, `generic_error_handler`, `http_status_error_handler`.

>  

Author: it's in now

- Supports SQLSource for batch ingestion. See [SQL data source](../data-prep/ingest-data-fs.html#sql-data-source).
- Supports SQLTarget for storey engine. (Spark is not yet supported.) See [SQL target store](../data-prep/ingest-data-fs.html#sql-target-store).
- Supports Spark using Redis as an online KV target, which cause a breaking change. See [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes).
- The username and password for the RedisNoSqlTarget are now configured using secrets, as `<prefix_>REDIS_USER <prefix_>REDIS_PASSWORD` where \<prefix> is the optional RedisNoSqlTarget `credentials_prefix` parameter. See [Redis target store](../data-prep/ingest-data-fs.html#redis-target-store).
- Offline data can be registered as feature sets. See [Create a feature set without ingesting its data](../feature-store/feature-sets.html#create-a-feature-set-without-ingesting-its-data).
- `get_offline_features` supports Spark Operator and Remote Spark.

#### Projects

- When defining a new project from scratch, there is now a default `context` directory: `./`, which is the directory that the MLRun 
    client runs from unless otherwise specified.  

> 

Author: @Tankilevitch changed to :
This is the directory from which the MLRun client runs, unless otherwise specified.

> 

Author: added

- The event time in storey events is now taken from the `timestamp_key`. If the `timestamp_key` is not defined for the event, then the 
    time is taken from the processing-time metadata. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/2660), and in 
    [Storey git](https://github.com/mlrun/storey/pull/394).

#### UI
- The new **Projects** home page provides easy and intuitive access to the full project lifecycle in three phases, with links to the 
relevant wizards under each phase heading: ingesting and processing data, developing and training a model, deploying and monitoring the project.

<p align="center"><img src="../_static/images/project-homepage.png" alt="mlrun-project-homepage" /></p><br>

<a id="api-130"></a>
### Deprecated and removed APIs
Starting with v1.3.0, and continuing in subsequent releases, obsolete functions are getting removed from the code.

**Deprecated and removed from v1.3.0 code**<br>
These MLRun APIs have been deprecated since at least v1.0.0 and were removed from the code:

| Deprecated/removed                   | Use instead                                   |
| ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |

> | `project.workflows`                  | `project.spec.workflows`, such as `get_or_create_project`, `load_project` |

Reviewer: You should remove the "such as..." part, it's not relevant here.

Reviewer: what about this one?

Author: it was deleted

These APIs will be removed from the v1.5.0 code. A FutureWarning appears if you try to use them in v1.3.0.
| Deprecated / to be removed                       | Use instead                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| project-related parameters of `set_environment`. (Global-related parameters will not be deprecated.) | Project APIs 
such as `get_or_create_project`, `load_project` |
| `KubeResource.gpus`                              | `with_limits`                 |
| Dask `gpus`                                      | `with_scheduler_limits` / `with_worker_limits`   |
| Dask `with_limits`                               | `with_scheduler_limits` / `with_worker_limits`    |
| Dask `with_requests`                             | `with_scheduler_requests` / `with_worker_requests`    |
| Spark runtime `gpus`                              | `with_driver_limits` / `with_executor_limits` |
| `mount_v3io_legacy` (mount_v3io no longer calls it) | `mount_v3io`                       |
| `mount_v3io_extended`                            | `mount_v3io`                   |

> | `LegacyArtifact` and all legacy artifact types that inherit from it (full list is: `LegacyArtifact`, `LegacyDirArtifact`, `LegacyLinkArtifact`, `LegacyPlotArtifact`, `LegacyChartArtifact`, `LegacyTableArtifact`, `LegacyModelArtifact`, `LegacyDatasetArtifact`, `LegacyPlotlyArtifact`, `LegacyBokehArtifact`) | `Artifact`                       |

Reviewer: If you chose to place the full list of deprecated classes, then it makes sense to note in the "use instead" that you should use "`Artifact` or other artifact classes that inherit from it". We don't want to generate an appearance that all classes mentioned are replaced by the single `Artifact` class.

| `init_functions` in pipelines                    | Add the function initialization to the pipeline code instead |
| The entire `mlrun/mlutils` library               | `mlrun.framework`                     |
| `ExecutorTypes`                                  | `ParallelRunnerModes`         |

> 

Author: @Tankilevitch added to list: Deprecated APIs, will be removed in v1.5.0

**REST APIs deprecated and removed from v1.3.0 code**

- `pod_status header` from response to `get_log` REST API
- `client-spec` from response to health API 
- `submit_pipeline_legacy` REST API
- `get_pipeline_legacy` REST API
- Five runtime legacy REST APIs, such as: `list_runtime_resources_legacy`, `delete_runtime_object_legacy` etc.
- httpdb runtime-related APIs using the deprecated runtimes REST APIs, for example: `delete_runtime_object`

### Breaking changes

- The behavior of ingest with aggregation changed in v1.3.0. Now, when you ingest a "timestamp" column, it returns <br>
`<class 'pandas._libs.tslibs.timestamps.Timestamp'>`. <br>Previously, it returned `<class 'str'>`

- Any target data that was saved using Redis as an online target with storey engine (RedisNoSql target, introduced in 1.2.1) is not accessible after upgrading to v1.3. (Data ingested subsequent to the upgrade is unaffacted.)

### Platform limitation

When running v1.3.0 with a platform version < v3.5.3, you must upgrade pyopenssl to 22.1.0 or higher.
Use this flow:
```
{{python3 -m pip install --upgrade pyopenssl>=23
$CONDA_HOME/bin/conda update -y conda
$CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y pip

> ./align_mlrun.sh}}

Reviewer 2: pyopenssl is now in mlrun extra requirements which are installed as part of `./align_mlrun.sh`
The steps changed to:
```
$CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y conda=23.1.0
$CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y pip 
./align_mlrun.sh

> ./align_mlrun.sh}}

Author: updated

- Fix: UI Projects' metrics show N/A for all projects when ml-pipeline is down. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/ui/pull/1613).
- `project.list_models()` did not function as expected for tags and labels. The `list_artifacts` method now accept a dictionary, and 
    docstrings were added for httpdb and for MLRunProject methods: both `list_artifacts` and `list_models`. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/2988).
- Fix: Failed MLRun Nuclio deploy needs better error messages.     
- Fix: Second call to Slack notifier with same webhook does not add another notifier. Resolved by the future (not yet released) notification mechanism. 
- Fixed the Dask Worker Memory Limit Argument. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3123).
- Aggregation over a fixed-window that starts at or near the epoch now functions as expected. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/storey/pull/418).
- Fixed model-monitoring incompatibility issue with mlrun client running v1.1.x and a server running v1.2.x. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3180).

> 

Author: @Tankilevitch This is not a customer bug - why add to change log?

> 

Reviewer 3: I think it still needs to be shown

> 

Author: added

> 

Author: added

    
    
### See more

> - [MLRun change log in GitHub](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/releases/tag/v1.3.0)

Reviewer 3: I think we want to have the exact change log above in the `tag/v1.3.0` so no need to point to there

Author: moved to UI heading in New and updated features

Author: moved under UI heading

- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Deprecations](#deprecations)

## v1.3.0

### Client/server matrix, prereqs and installing

The MLRun server is now based on Python 3.9. It's recommended to move the client to Python 3.9 as well. 

MLRun v1.3.0 maintains support for mlrun base images that are based on python 3.7. To differentiate between the images, the images based on
python 3.7 have the suffix: `-py37`. The correct version is automatically chosen for the built-in MLRun images according to the Python version of the MLRun client (for example, a 3.7 Jupyter gets the `-py37` images).

To install on a **Python 3.9** client, run:<br>
 `./align_mlrun.sh`

To install on a **Python 3.7** client, run:
  
    1. Configure the Jupyter service with the env variable`JUPYTER_PREFER_ENV_PATH=false`.

>     2. Within the Jupyter service, open a terminal and run (`install -y pip` ensures you have the latest resolver):

Reviewer 2: As discussed offline
```suggestion
    2. Within the Jupyter service, open a terminal an update conda and pip to have an up-to-date pip resolver.:
```

Author: fixed

```
    $CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y conda=23.1.0
    $CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y pip 
    conda create -n python39 python=3.9 ipykernel -y
    conda activate python39

>     ./align_mlrun.sh

Reviewer 2: Please update as discussed offline

Author: fixed

```
    
To install on a **Python 3.9 CER** client, run:

> To install on a **Python 3.7 CER** client, run:

Reviewer 2: mlrun is pre-installed in CE Jupyter

Author: added

| Feature-store: usage of state in graph. For example: `add_writer_state`, and the `after_state` parameter in `_init_` methods.  | `step`                        |
| `mount_path` parameter in mount_v3io() | `volume_mounts`                        |
| `NewTask`                            | `run_function()`                        |

**Deprecated APIs, will be removed in v1.5.0**<br>
These APIs will be removed from the v1.5.0 code. A FutureWarning appears if you try to use them in v1.3.0.
| Deprecated / to be removed                       | Use instead                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| project-related parameters of `set_environment`. (Global-related parameters will not be deprecated.) | Project APIs 
such as `get_or_create_project`, `load_project` |
| `KubeResource.gpus`                              | `with_limits`                 |
| Dask `gpus`                                      | `with_scheduler_limits` / `with_worker_limits`   |
| Dask `with_limits`                               | `with_scheduler_limits` / `with_worker_limits`    |

> | Dask `with_requests`                             | `with_scheduler_requests` / `with_worker_requests`    |

Reviewer 2: both were removed in previous versions.
see https://jira.iguazeng.com/browse/ML-3104 (Deprecated since MLRun 0.8.0)

Author: moved to preceding section

- [Limitations](#limitations)
- [Deprecations](#deprecations)

## v1.3.0

### Client/server matrix and prereqs to installing

The MLRun server is now based on Python 3.9. It's recommended to move the client to Python 3.9 as well. 

MLRun v1.3.0 maintains support for mlrun base images that are based on python 3.7. To differentiate between the images, the images based on
python 3.7 have the suffix: `-py37`. The correct version is automatically chosen for the built-in MLRun images according to the Python version of the MLRun client (for example, a 3.7 Jupyter gets the `-py37` images).

If you are installing on a Python 3.9 client, run these commands before installing:

> ?????

Reviewer 4: not sure the purpose of this section. installing mlrun on both are transparent to the user, simply installing via `pip`.
perhaps @alonmr can add more input about installing MLRun on python 3.9?

Author: updated section with @alonmr input

If you are installing on a CE Python 3.9 client, run these commands before installing:

> ?????

Reviewer 4: can be removed

Author: replaced with: 
MLRun is pre-installed in CE Jupyter.

> If you are installing on a Python 3.7 client, run these commands before installing:

Reviewer 4: @alonmr  confirm section

   ?????
    1. Configure the Jupyter service with the env variable`JUPYTER_PREFER_ENV_PATH=false`.
    2. Within the Jupyter service, open a terminal and run (`install -y pip` ensures you have the latest resolver):

```
    $CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y conda=23.1.0
    $CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y pip 
    conda create -n python39 python=3.9 ipykernel -y
    conda activate python39
    ./align_mlrun.sh
```
    
If you are installing on a CE Python 3.7 client, run these commands before installing:

> ?????

Reviewer 4: can be removed

Author: replaced with:
MLRun is pre-installed in CE Jupyter.

worker). The service is responsible for collecting logs from run pods, writing to persisted files, and reading them on request.
The new service is transparent to the end-user: there are no UI or API changes. 

### Breaking changes

- The behavior of ingest with aggregation changed in v1.3.0 (storey, spark, pandas engines). Now, when you ingest a "timestamp" column, it returns <br>
`<class 'pandas._libs.tslibs.timestamps.Timestamp'>`. <br>Previously, it returned `<class 'str'>`

- Any target data that was saved using Redis as an online target with storey engine (RedisNoSql target, introduced in 1.2.1) is not accessible after upgrading to v1.3. (Data ingested subsequent to the upgrade is unaffacted.)

<a id="api-130"></a>
### Deprecated and removed APIs
Starting with v1.3.0, and continuing in subsequent releases, obsolete functions are getting removed from the code.

**Deprecated and removed from v1.3.0 code**<br>
These MLRun APIs have been deprecated since at least v1.0.0 and were removed from the code:

| Deprecated/removed                   | Use instead                                   |
| ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |

> | `project.functions`                  | `project.get.functions`, `project.set.functions`, `project.list.functions` |
> | `project.artifacts`                  | `project.get.artifacts`, `project.set.artifacts`, `project.list.artifacts` |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `project.functions`                  | `project.get_functions`, `project.set_functions`, `project.list_functions` |
| `project.artifacts`                  | `project.get_artifacts`, `project.set_artifacts`, `project.list_artifacts` |
```

| `project.func()`                     | `project.get_function()`                       |
| `project.create_vault_secrets()`     | NA                                   |
| `project.get_vault_secret()`         | NA                                   |
| `MlrunProjectLegacy` class           | `MlrunProject`                                 |
| Feature-store: usage of state in graph. For example: `add_writer_state`, and the `after_state` parameter in `_init_` methods.  | `step`                        |
| `mount_path` parameter in mount_v3io() | `volume_mounts`                        |

> | `NewTask`                            | `run_function()`                        |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `NewTask`                            | `new_task()`                        |
```
@alonmr  confirm?

Reviewer 2: correct 👍

Reviewer 4: @jillnogold

- Jobs and Workflows pages now display the tag of the executed job (as defined in the API). [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/ui/pull/1632).
- Users with developer and data permissions can now add members to projects they created. (Previously appeared successful in the UI but users were not added). [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/ui/pull/1617).
- Error on Spark ingestion with offline target without defined path (error: `NoneType` object has no attribute `startswith`). Fix: default path defined. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3118).
- `add_aggregation` over Spark fails with `AttributeError` for sqr and stdvar. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3131).
- Fix: UI Projects' metrics show N/A for all projects when ml-pipeline is down. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/ui/pull/1613).
- `project.list_models()` did not function as expected for tags and labels. The `list_artifacts` method now accept a dictionary, and 
    docstrings were added for httpdb and for MLRunProject methods: both `list_artifacts` and `list_models`. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/2988).

> - Fix: Failed MLRun Nuclio deploy needs better error messages.     

Reviewer 4: missing pr

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/3241

Author: added

> - Fix: Second call to Slack notifier with same webhook does not add another notifier. Resolved by the future (not yet released) notification mechanism. 

Reviewer 4: remove?

Author: @liranbg How about: 
Fix: Second call to Slack notifier with same webhook does not add another notifier. Resolved by code updates that are part of ongoing development for the notification mechanism (that will be available in a future release).

    time is taken from the processing-time metadata. [View in Git](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/pull/2660), and in 
    [Storey git](https://github.com/mlrun/storey/pull/394).

#### UI
- The new **Projects** home page provides easy and intuitive access to the full project lifecycle in three phases, with links to the 
relevant wizards under each phase heading: ingesting and processing data, developing and training a model, deploying and monitoring the project.

<p align="center"><img src="../_static/images/project-homepage.png" alt="mlrun-project-homepage" /></p><br>

<a id="api-130"></a>
### Deprecated and removed APIs
Starting with v1.3.0, and continuing in subsequent releases, obsolete functions are getting removed from the code.

**Deprecated and removed from v1.3.0 code**<br>
These MLRun APIs have been deprecated since at least v1.0.0 and were removed from the code:

| Deprecated/removed                   | Use instead                                   |
| ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| `project.workflows`                  | `project.spec.workflows`, `get_or_create_project`, `load_project` |

> | `project.functions`                  | `project.spec.functions`                      |
> | `project.artifacts`                  | `project.spec.artifacts`                       |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `project.functions`                  | `project.list_functions() / project.set_function()`                      |
| `project.artifacts`                  | `project.list_artifacts() / project.set_artifact() / project.get_artifact()`                       |
```

    2. Within the Jupyter service, open a terminal and run:
     
	```
    install -y conda=23.1.0

>     install -y pip

Reviewer 2: it's best to keep the $CONDA_HOME/bin/conda prefix. it should solve inconsistencies the user may have with the packages
```$CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y conda=23.1.0
$CONDA_HOME/bin/conda install -y pip

Reviewer 3: @alonmr why not `~=23.1.0` ?

Author: kept `$CONDA_HOME/bin/conda`

improve handling of high workloads against the MLRun DB. You can configure the number of workers for an MLRun 
service, which is applied to the service's user-created pods. The default is 2. 
   - v1.1.0 cannot run on top of 3.0.x.

>    - For Iguazio <v3.5.0 number of workers set to 1 by default. To change this number, contact support (helm-chart change required).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   - For Iguazio versions older than 3.5.0, the number of workers is set to 1 by default. To change this number, contact support (helm-chart change required).
```

Author: changed to:
 For Iguazio versions prior to v3.5.0, the number of workers is set to 1 by default.

| ---- | -------------------------------------------------------| --------------------------------------------- | ------ |
| 2223 | Cannot deploy a function when notebook names contain "." (ModuleNotFoundError) | Do not use "." in notebook name | v1.0.0  |
| 2199 | Spark operator job fails with default requests args.       | NA                                         | v1.0.0 |
| 1584 | Cannot run `code_to_function` when filename contains special characters | Do not use special characters in filenames | v1.0.0 |
| [2621](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/issues/2621) | Running a workflow whose project has `init_git=True`, results in Project error | Run `git config --global --add safe.directory '*'` (can substitute specific directory for *). | v1.1.0 |
| 2407 | Kafka ingestion service on sn empty feature set returns an error. | Ingest a sample of the data manually. This creates the schema for the feature set and then the ingestion service accepts new records. | v1.1.0 |
|  | The feature store does not support schema evolution and does not have schema enforcement. | NA | v1.2.1 |

> | 3420 | MLRun database doesn't raise an exception when the blob size is greater than 16,777,215 bytes | NA      | v1.2.1 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| 3420 | MLRun database doesn't raise an exception when the blob size is greater than 16 MB | NA      | v1.2.1 |
```

| 3386 | Documentation is missing full details on the feature store sources and targets | NA | v1.2.1 |
| 2421 | Artifact logged via SDK with "/" in the name cannot be viewed in the UI. The main project dashboard opens instead. | NA | v1.1.0 |
| 3424 | Documentation missing a matrix of which engines support which sources/targets | NA                        | v1.2.1 |

    
    
## Limitations

| ID   | Description                                                    | Workaround                           | Opened | 
| ---- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ | ----------|      
| 2014 | Model deployment returns ResourceNotFoundException (Nuclio error that Service <name> is invalid.) | Verify that all `metadata.labels` values are 63 characters or less. See the [Kubernetes limitation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#syntax-and-character-set). |  v1.0.0  |
| 3315 | The feature store does not support an aggregation of aggregations | NA                                  | v1.2.1 |

> | 3381 | Private repo is not supported as a marketplace hub             | NA                                     | 1.2.1 | 

Reviewer 4: remove `v` / use `v` as prefix from `version` for consistency. see `1.2.1` vs `v1.2.1`

Author: fixed
